[shopsys] added Elasticsearch structure migration via reindexing for easier deployment (#1133)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

        ```
- update your tests to use interfaces of factories fetched from dependency injection container
    -  update tests same way as in PR ([#970](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/970/files))

> - use aliases of index and build version in index name for better usage when deploying

Reviewer: seeing this instructions leads me to a question: Is it a BC break?

Reviewer: no

    - stop using the deprecated method `\Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Model\Pricing\PriceCalculation::getVatCoefficientByPercent()`, use `PriceCalculation::getVatAmountByPriceWithVat()` for VAT calculation instead
    - if you want to customize the VAT calculation (eg. revert it back to the previous implementation), extend the service `@Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Model\Pricing\PriceCalculation` and override the method `getVatAmountByPriceWithVat()`
    - if you created new tests regarding the price calculation they might start failing after the upgrade - in such case, please see the new VAT calculation and change the tests expectations accordingly
- use aliases of index and build version in index name for better usage when deploying
    - use method `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getAliasName` instead of `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getIndexName` when calling a query to elasticSearch in order to always target the right index

>         - fix test `FilterQueryTest::createFilter`

Author: `getIndexName` is still the same so tests should work like before

        -   shortDescription
        +   short_description
        ```
    - use method `ElasticsearchStructureManager::deleteIndex` instead of `ElasticsearchStructureManager::deleteNotUsedIndexes` as it was deprecated

>     - if you have extended `ElasticsearchStructureManager` in `services.yml` you'll need call `setBuildVersion` and to send build version to it

Reviewer 2: what about something like 
```suggestion
    - if you have extended `ElasticsearchStructureManager` in `services.yml` you'll need to call `setBuildVersion` method with $buildVersion as a first parameter
```

        - you can copy-paste the [`RedisFacadeTest`](https://github.com/shopsys/project-base/blob/master/tests/ShopBundle/Functional/Component/Redis/RedisFacadeTest.php) from `shopsys/project-base`
- implement `createFromIdAndName(int $id, string $name): FriendlyUrlData` method in your implementations of `FriendlyUrlDataFactoryInterface` as the method will be added to the interface in `v8.0.0` version ([#948](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/948))
- use aliases of index and build version in index name for better usage when deploying
    - use method `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getCurrentIndexName` or `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getAliasName` instead of `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getIndexName` when calling a query to elasticSearch in order to always target the right index
        - fix test `FilterQueryTest::createFilter`
        ```diff
        -   $elasticSearchIndexName = $elasticSearchStructureManager->getIndexName(1, self::ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX);
        +   $elasticSearchIndexName = $elasticSearchStructureManager->getAliasName(1, self::ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX);
        ```

>     - run `php phing product-search-recreate-structure` to generate new indexes with aliases

Author: Its not the same as reindex. You should call recreate to recreate structure

    - delete your old indexes in elasticsearch
    - fix test `ProductSearchExportRepositoryTest::getExpectedStructureForRepository`
        ```diff
        -   shortDescription
        +   short_description
        ```
    - use method `ElasticsearchStructureManager::deleteCurrentIndex` instead of `ElasticsearchStructureManager::deleteIndex` as it was deprecated
    - if you have extended `ElasticsearchStructureManager` in `services.yml` you'll need call `setBuildVersion` and to send build version to it
        ```diff
          Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Elasticsearch\ElasticsearchStructureManager:
              arguments:
                  - '%shopsys.elasticsearch.structure_dir%'
                  - '%env(ELASTIC_SEARCH_INDEX_PREFIX)%'
        +     calls:
        +         - method: setBuildVersion
        +           arguments:
        +               - '%build-version%'
        ```
    - use method `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getCurrentIndexName` or `ElasticsearchStructureManager::getAliasName` instead of `ProductElasticsearchRepository::getIndexName` as it was deprecated

>     - change every number in mapping in `*.json` to string in order to be able to check definition for changes

Reviewer 3: So even the `settings.index.number_of_shards` and `settings.index.number_of_replicas`? Why haven't you changed them yourself?

Maybe a bit better approach would be to recursively traverse the definition yourself during the need-to-update check and cast all integers you encounter to strings. That would be automatic, not as brittle and wouldn't require a change in the structure.
